(DOOR KNOB RATTLES)
MARV: Shit!
JOHNNY: Get the hell outta here!
SNAKES: Alright, Johnny!
SNAKES: But what about my money?
JOHNNY: What money?
SNAKES: AC said you have some dough for me.
JOHNNY: Is that a fact? How much do I owe you?!
SNAKES: AC said 10%.
JOHNNY: Too bad, AC ain't in charge no more.
SNAKES: What do you mean?
JOHNNY: He's upstairs taking a bath.
He'll call you when he gets out.
Hey, I tell you what I'm
gonna give you, Snakes.
I'm gonna give you to the count of 10 to get your ugly, yellow, no good keister off my property
before I pump your guts full of lead.
Alright, Johnny, I'm sorry.
-I'm going.
-One, two, ten!
- (GUNFIRE ON TV)
- (JOHNNY LAUGHING)
(GASPS)
- (GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
- (JOHNNY CONTINUES LAUGHING)
JOHNNY: Keep the change, ya filthy animal.
What happened?
I don't know who's in there but
somebody just got blown away.
Somebody beat us to the job,
they're in there. Two of 'em.
There was arguing,
one of them blew the other one away.
-Who?
-(SOFTLY) I don't know!
I thought I recognized one of their voices.
And I know I've heard that name "Snakes" before.
Snakes? Snakes. Snakes.
I don't know no Snakes.
Snakes. Let's get outta here.